- 👋 Hi, I’m @freedom-foundation. The founding documents of Freedom Foundation follow: The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America, [My Declaration](https://github.com/freedom-foundation/My_Declaration/blob/main/My_Declaration_(tabloid).201cc1e31692281d8597eed259be8540.pdf), [Articles of Confederation and perpetual Union](https://github.com/freedom-foundation/Articles-of-Confederation-and-perpetual-Union), Constitution for the United States of America amended fiVth Article, and Journal of The Congress.
 These documents have priority to be archived in both ASCII wordcounted and checksummed text and PDF/A-1 archive format for long term preservation then signed and attested, garunteed to be veritable to corresponding printed replica documents. Now I focus on finding the right [unicode map](https://github.com/freedom-foundation/unicode_map) because in order to make checksums veritable the exact encoding must also be included: years go by and the checksums are not sure without the map. I will use [veraPDF apps](https://github.com/freedom-foundation/veraPDF-apps) to validate the PDF releases for archiving.
- 👀 I’m interested in sourcecode and libre-sourcecode.
  Libre-sourcecode being defined as allof a machine specification (chip design), compiler and application sourcecode which can be written out in respective computer programming languages and archived, saved, transmit, reproduced, and build and run all from paper written legit.
   Now looking into [RetroArch](https://github.com/freedom-foundation/RetroArch) to clarify if "cores" correspond to chip designes or if they are only verbatim.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to use git and GitHub in order to download and then search and view code to look for bugs and do mantainence or find code to import into my own code.
      My experience so far with git has been tiresome. Having to re-add a file after every edit before a commit is needless. I found https://github.com/git-guides and after reading it explains some of the use of git, much of which I do not need right now. Most of my repositories are in ALPHA phase meaning there is no finished release yet, so I have no need for careful branches or meticulous history. 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on general welfare and public interest projects these are open for participation and volunteer for the betters now. An example of a public interest repo of mine is here https://github.com/freedom-foundation/Peeranoia_Framework . Private endeavours include physics and quantum physics related components such as freedom-foundation/Chronometer. Such may be public for a while then private.
- 📫 How to reach me, my public GitHub git email address is 179414429+freedom-foundation@users.noreply.github.com this should relay to the following or any latter updated current email, my general-use email is A_bughunter(at)proton(dot)me this has Proton's server-side PGP enabled and auto GPG enabled. However Proton GPG may not be secure to my machine.
- For Letters of marque and reprisal email Letters_of_Marque_and_Reprisal(at)protonmail(dot)com I used the .com domain here which is an old official standard of domain (.org, .net, .com)
- 😄 Pronouns: The
- ⚡ Fun fact: The bill of rights is actually one single amendment.

<!---
freedom-foundation/freedom-foundation is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
